[DOC] Promote `StableConnectIdentities` feature gate to GA (#9287)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

IMPORTANT: With the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate permanently enabled, it is no longer possible to downgrade directly from Strimzi 0.35 and newer to Strimzi 0.27 or earlier.
You have to first downgrade through one of the Strimzi versions in-between, disable the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate, and then downgrade to Strimzi 0.27 or earlier.

[id='ref-operator-stable-connect-identities-feature-gate-{context}']
== StableConnectIdentities feature gate

The `StableConnectIdentities` feature gate has moved to GA, which means it is now permanently enabled and cannot be disabled.
The `StrimziPodSet` resources are now always used to manage Kafka Connect and Kafka MirrorMaker 2 pods instead of using Kubernetes `Deployment` resources.

> `StrimziPodSets` give the pods stable names and stable addresses, which do not change during rolling upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StrimziPodSet` resources give the pods stable names and stable addresses, which do not change during rolling upgrades.
```
